okay in this video we're going to show
you how to manage slideshows so what
we'll need to do is click on slide show
here and we don't have any slide yet so
let's actually create a gallery first so
I'll just go to manage gallery click on
add new and we'll just say test captain
save that
so now we have our test gallery so let's
go to manage slides and let's add a new
slide
say test
select our gallery once you start adding
galleries they'll be listed here so
we'll just click that let's go ahead and
browse and find a slide and you can
actually add this as a link so if you
wanted to go to City
and we'll say it will make sure it opens
another window you have it open in the
window that you're currently in your
browser or if you click this it will
actually open a new tab so let's say so
now let's go back to our gallery we have
our gallery here so currently this is
created but it's not showing any pages
so to get this to show on the page won't
you do this take this little short code
right here from the greater or the
brackets from include the brackets and
copy that entire thing so just ctrl-c to
copy it go just add new page
and what you'll do is go over stuff
depending on where you want the gallery
if you wanted to top the very top of the
page you can do it like that and force
you can Center it if you wanted or
whatnot and then after that you can have
any text that you want below it so right
now we're just going to keep the gallery
by itself we could you know of course
publish this from here or if we want to
preview and see what it's going to look
like so here's our gallery roll over it
it's got this is a great slide show if
you click on it it takes us opens up
Google and another link because we did
make it a link let's close it out and so
you can add of course multiple slides to
it you can change the different the way
the gallery is going to be so just the
configuration go through and kind of
play with it it you can change the speed
you can change whether the text appears
if you want that thumbnail images to
appear so just kind of go through this
and play with it and kind of find the
settings that you like I would
definitely make sure you manage who can
actually edit it so right now and just
keep everything for administrators if
you have people later on it you want to
edit the site but not have full control
over things you can
informations but i will just believe
that it is right now that's all thank
you